Install the latest release of PowerShell (#75)
cisagov/ansible-role-assessment-tool: README.md

| assessment_tool_pip_extra_args | Extra arguments to give to `pip` when installing packages into the Python virtualenv. | [Omitted](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#making-variables-optional) | No |
| assessment_tool_pip_packages | A list of `pip` packages to install into the Python virtualenv. | [Omitted](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#making-variables-optional) | No |
| assessment_tool_pip_requirements_file | The path to a `pip` requirements file listing dependencies to install into the Python virtualenv. | [Omitted](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#making-variables-optional) | No |
| assessment_tool_powershell | A Boolean indicating whether or not the tool is written in PowerShell; if it is then we will install a PowerShell system package.  On Kali Linux the package is installed via the package manager, while on other platforms a suitable package is downloaded from [PowerShell/PowerShell](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell).  | `false` | No |

> | assessment_tool_powershell_version | A string indicating the version of PowerShell to install.  This variable is only read if PowerShell is being installed via a package downloaded from [PowerShell/PowerShell](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell). | `false` | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| assessment_tool_powershell_version | A string indicating the version of PowerShell to install.  This variable is only read if PowerShell is being installed via a package downloaded from [PowerShell/PowerShell](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell). | `7.5.4` | No |
```
